---
title: "Vim Set Up"
categories:
  - engineer
tags:
  - tool
---
The following is setting up for my vim.

## Plugin
#### CurtineIncSw.vim
Toggle between *.c* and *.h* buffers.  
```
map <C-h> :call CurtineIncSw()<CR>
```
#### fzf.vim
* ctrl-t: open in a new tab  
* ctrl-x: a new split  
* ctrl-v: a new vertical split  

### vim-markdown
* zr: reduces fold level throughout the buffer
* zR: opens all folds
* zm: increases fold level throughout the buffer
* zM: folds everything all the way
* za: open a fold your cursor is on
* zA: open a fold your cursor is on recursively
* zc: close a fold your cursor is on
* zC: close a fold your cursor is on recursively

### python-mode
* zf#j creates a fold from the cursor down # lines.
* zf/string creates a fold from the cursor to string .
* zj moves the cursor to the next fold.
* zk moves the cursor to the previous fold.
* zo opens a fold at the cursor.
* zO opens all folds at the cursor.
* zc close a fold at the cursor.
* zm increases the foldlevel by one.
* zM closes all open folds.
* zr decreases the foldlevel by one.
* zR decreases the foldlevel to zero -- all folds will be open.
* zd deletes the fold at the cursor.
* zE deletes all folds.
* [z move to start of open fold.
* ]z move to end of open fold.

### rtags
* install: brew install rtags
* start up: brew services start rtags
* Start the RTags daemon: rdm&
* Index the RTags project: rc -J .


## Commonly used command
### show variable type
* [i: display the definition of a variable
* [d: display a macro definition
* [I: display all the lines containing the variable name 
* gd: go to definition of local variable (first occurrence of keyword in current function).
* gD: go to definition of global variable (first occurrence of keyword in current file).

## change window split size
* ctrl+w +/- :  increase/decrease height (ex. 20<C-w>+)
* ctrl+w >/`<`:  increase/decrease width(ex. 30`<`C-w>`<`) 
* ctrl+w `_` : set height (ex.  50`<`C_w>_)
* ctrl+w `|` : set width
* ctrl+w = : equalize width and height of all windows
### add same word for multi lines
* step 1:Ctrl+v 
* step 2: I
* step 3: write the words you want to add
* step 4: ESC

## tagbar for golang
* Install gotags  
```
  go get -u github.com/jstemmer/gotags
```
* Add the following to ~/.vimrc
```
let g:tagbar_type_go = {
    \ 'ctagstype' : 'go',
    \ 'kinds'     : [
        \ 'p:package',
        \ 'i:imports:1',
        \ 'c:constants',
        \ 'v:variables',
        \ 't:types',
        \ 'n:interfaces',
        \ 'w:fields',
        \ 'e:embedded',
        \ 'm:methods',
        \ 'r:constructor',
        \ 'f:functions'
    \ ],
    \ 'sro' : '.',
    \ 'kind2scope' : {
        \ 't' : 'ctype',
        \ 'n' : 'ntype'
    \ },
    \ 'scope2kind' : {
        \ 'ctype' : 't',
        \ 'ntype' : 'n'
    \ },
    \ 'ctagsbin'  : 'gotags',
    \ 'ctagsargs' : '-sort -silent'
\ }
```

## ctags for golang
Add the following to ~/.ctags
```
--langdef=Go
--langmap=Go:.go
--regex-Go=/func([ \t]+\([^)]+\))?[ \t]+([a-zA-Z0-9_]+)/\2/d,func/
--regex-Go=/var[ \t]+([a-zA-Z_][a-zA-Z0-9_]+)/\1/d,var/
--regex-Go=/type[ \t]+([a-zA-Z_][a-zA-Z0-9_]+)/\1/d,type/`
```

